there
in this video review we will tell about
what stages need to go through the owner
quad bike to feel confident
yourself on the roads
you bought a quad in a regular
complete set and want to prepare it
off-road
Perhaps you want to increase together
cross your quad
or prepare it for just fishing a
maybe he should be comfortable and
reliable without global change
constructions
need to be determined anyway
in our tuning service there are two
ATV preparation programs for
off-road operation is
compulsory and special programs
mandatory program is some
standard accessory kit which
allows you to significantly increase
ATV increase its increase
reliability and make more aggressive and
more attractive wheels
the quad bike from the wheel change starts
if you go on a serious off-road
but you need to add mud tires
give injuries
not less than 20 sixth size better
set 27 size to increase
ATV clearance
aggressive tread and high ground clearance
will give you confidence in any
off road
The main thing is to choose Fryazino
protection after the wheels of the second most important
quad charge element
quad bike protection includes self defense
underbody protection sills
protection of levers and gearboxes thickness
which should be 45 millimeters
the winch is very important
element tuning quadro question
Choosing a winch
Serious 1 bar or heels will depend
much
she will help out of the swamp
push off a log to help someone
pull out programs cycle and so on
usually for quad use
3000 and 3500 winches less than 4000
if you bought a new quad st and u
He has to complete winch how
rule it is completed with metal
rope
exploitation winches sooner or later
the moment comes when the cable comes in
worthlessness
reasons may be different salon cliffs
rubbing then we offer
professional high quality
synthetic cables which have a number
advantages over metal they
light swims in the water do not scratch hands
you can work without gloves easily
braid usually winded
12 meters of synthetic cable
can be wound longer but with special meaning
no yes and the manufacturer is not
recommends winding up more better
synthetic extension have to pre
12-15 meters long
and
front and rear bumpers
allows you to confidently cut shoots and even
while protecting small trees
optics and plastic quad bike
saves bumper and christ moment with
order
trunk box is a necessity and
quad bike appearance
It does not affect the permeability but
allows you to carry the necessary set
items you need to ride on
off-road compressor sharp
repair kits and then usually drive along
off road
return cobras up to 100 liters volume
more than 100 liters will suit those who go and
autonomous